Kylee Koch section 50

This week I used my homework from week 8 to inspire my work this week.  I used the same idea of ellipses and the same color scheme, but reworked it into a different idea.  I decided to give it the same chaotic feeling of circles EVERYWHERE like I had in week 8, but this sketch has no movements in it, basically just because I couldn't really figure out how to get it to correctly move.  I read through all of the class notes from this week and also week 9 since we were to use arrays this week in our sketches and that information was apart of week 9.  I then went through all of my different sketches and chose the one I thought could best be remade for this lesson.  Next, I went through and looked at what my classmates sketches looked like so that I could get some inspiration from them.  I struggled a bit with this weeks material because I could not figure out 1. how to get my sketch to be animated and 2. how to get all of the information in the correct order so that it could work when I pulled it up on my live page.  Overall though I was able to figure it out by going back through the course material and doing some further research on the sources that were provided to us.  I would enjoy learning more about what different kinds of things we can make with all of the material that you have given to us.  I feel as though every week my sketches are fairly basic, mainly due to the fact that I want to get my work done by the due date, and I try to just understand the material and make something of it and I don't really push my limits and see what else I can create (which is more of a personal thing that I need to work on). So basically, I would like to expand my own knowledge and work to create more advanced projects that are more interesting to look at.  Lastly, I worked on my own this week.  I did not help any classmates personally, but if anyone needs some help I am more than willing to offer assistance.
